Versioning Landing Page (#2934)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/development-features/versioning.mdx

---
id: versioning
title: Versioning - Temporal Development Feature
description: Learn how to implement versioning in your Temporal Workflows to manage changes in application code without causing non-deterministic behavior. Explore the benefits of versioning and how it ensures the continuity of long-running Workflows.
sidebar_label: Versioning
tags:
  - versioning
  - Workflow-versioning
  - temporal-Workflows
  - version-management
keywords:
  - temporal versioning
  - manage Workflow changes
  - version Workflow executions
  - temporal versioning best practices
  - Workflow continuity temporal
  - version management
  - temporal Workflow versioning
---

import { RelatedReadContainer, RelatedReadItem } from '@site/src/components/related-read/RelatedRead';

> Versioning in Temporal is a feature that allows safely evolve your Temporal application code in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versioning in Temporal is a feature that allows you to safely evolve your Temporal application code in production.```

> Developers can make changes to their application code without causing non-deterministic behavior in current long-running Workflows. 

Reviewer: We want to emphasize that this can only be done safely with versioning bc it sounds a bit like here that they're able to do that without

```suggestion
With versioning, developers are able to make changes to their application code without causing non-deterministic behavior in current long-running Workflows.
```

> Workflow Versioning allows you to safely deploy incompatible changes to your Workflow code.

Reviewer: This is very similar to line 24.

> This is especially important when you have Workflow Executions that were started with the original code and are still running when you deploy the updated code.

Reviewer: i think you can emphasize the problem statement a bit more here

> Depending on your use case, the longevity of your Workflow Executions, and your organizational overhead, you can implement Versioning by changing Workflow Types or by using the Patching API. 

Reviewer: I think since this is the landing page, we get away from the technicalities of how to implement versioning and just talk about what it is.

Versioning is invaluable as it ensures that your Workflows remain stable and consistent, even as you update and improve your application code.

> This flexibility ensures that your long-running Workflows can continue seamlessly, regardless of code changes.

Reviewer: I don't think we need line 32 if we have line 31
